README.md, before:

# COVID Twitter Misinformation Lookup: An Investigation of Relevance Ranking Methods

#### Team members: Swati Adhikari, Provakar Mondal, Kiet Nguyen

This repository contains the code for our CS 5604 (Information Storage and Retrieval) final project at Virginia Tech.

Semester: Fall 2021

Instructor: Dr. Ismini Lourentzou

In this course project, we aim to build a search engine using COVID-19-related Tweets as the input data; we experiment with 3 different models: Okapi BM25, RankNet, and TF-Ranking.

## Dataset

The dataset we use for this project is borrowed from this paper:

```
@misc{dharawat2020drink,
      title={Drink bleach or do what now? Covid-HeRA: A dataset for risk-informed health decision making in the presence of COVID19 misinformation},
      author={Arkin Dharawat and Ismini Lourentzou and Alex Morales and ChengXiang Zhai},
      year={2020},
      eprint={2010.08743},
      archivePrefix={arXiv},
      primaryClass={cs.CL}
}
```

Click [here](data/README.md) for more detailed instructions on downloading the data.

## Requirements

The requirements were generated with `pip freeze > requirements.txt` and can be found in [requirements.txt](requirements.txt).

## Getting data and training models

1. Create a new virtual environment and install the packages noted in [requirements.txt](requirements.txt).
2. Set up your Twitter API keys (as detailed [here](data/README.md)).
3. Run [get_data.sh](get_data.sh) to obtain raw tweets with the Twitter API.
4. Run [prepare_data.sh](prepare_data.sh) to prepare input data for the 3 different models.
5. Run any of the three files in [models](models/) with `python/python3 {filename}` to run or train our models.

Commit message:

Fixed BM25, added code to build BM25 data, modified README

README.md, after:

# COVID Twitter Misinformation Lookup: An Investigation of Relevance Ranking Methods

#### Team members: Swati Adhikari, Provakar Mondal, Kiet Nguyen

This repository contains the code for our CS 5604 (Information Storage and Retrieval) final project at Virginia Tech.

Semester: Fall 2021

Instructor: Dr. Ismini Lourentzou

In this course project, we aim to build a search engine using COVID-19-related Tweets as the input data; we experiment with 3 different models: Okapi BM25, RankNet, and TF-Ranking.

## Dataset

The dataset we use for this project is borrowed from this paper:

```
@misc{dharawat2020drink,
      title={Drink bleach or do what now? Covid-HeRA: A dataset for risk-informed health decision making in the presence of COVID19 misinformation},
      author={Arkin Dharawat and Ismini Lourentzou and Alex Morales and ChengXiang Zhai},
      year={2020},
      eprint={2010.08743},
      archivePrefix={arXiv},
      primaryClass={cs.CL}
}
```

Click [here](data/README.md) for more detailed instructions on downloading the data.

## Requirements

The requirements were generated with `pip freeze > requirements.txt` and can be found in [requirements.txt](requirements.txt).

## Getting data and training models

1. Create a new virtual environment and install the packages noted in [requirements.txt](requirements.txt).
2. Set up your Twitter API keys (as detailed [here](data/README.md)).
3. Run [get_data.sh](get_data.sh) to obtain raw tweets with the Twitter API. This step could take a long time (up to days) due to the Twitter API rate limit of 900 requests per 15 minutes. However, you can always continue where you left off (i.e. this code would not overwrite downloaded data if you stopped it and ran it again).
4. Run [prepare_data.sh](prepare_data.sh) to prepare input data for the 3 different models.
5. Run any of the three files in [models](models/) with `python {filename}` or `python3 {filename}` to run or train the models.
